for generations the thorns have been a
family of tremendous wealth position and
power the perfect marriage of ambassador
Robert thorn and his wife Katherine was
fulfilled by the birth of their son
Damian and then when the child was five
years old something terrible happened
[Music]
and then it happened again was it an
accident was it murder was it a
coincidence or was it an 20th Century
Fox presents a film of psychological
suspense about an occurrence of
earth-shaking importance Gregory Peck
Lee Remick
the omen I was at the hospital mr.
Thorne and Knight their son was born
[Music]
interferes its mother mr. thorn
it's all my work its mother what is it
this is not a human child make no
mistake there are those who will die for
him there are those who will kill for
him who is he what does he want
where did he come from and can he be
stopped
when we paste Lee Remick The Omen if
this is the truth where does it end
[Music]